+++
title = "Numerical study of acoustic radiation dynamics of a Rankine vortex"

# Date first published.
date = "2016-06-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["O. A. Doronina", " P. A. Bakhvalov", "T. K. Kozubskaya"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Acoustical Physics"
publication_short = "Acoustical Physics"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = ""
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Olga_Doronina/publication/305487934_Numerical_study_of_acoustic_radiation_dynamics_of_a_Rankine_vortex/links/599ef70045851574f4b8741c/Numerical-study-of-acoustic-radiation-dynamics-of-a-Rankine-vortex.pdf"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbT9wArmaO0&t=91s"
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

The paper continues investigations of a fundamental problem important for understanding the nature of vortex flows: sound radiation by a perturbed Rankine vortex. Results of numerical simulation are presented for both quadrupole and higher-mode radiations. The structure and dynamics of tonal acoustic radiation generated by a vortex are considered in detail. The transition of a Rankine vortex to a perturbed state under small external perturbation is considered. Calculations are performed using the EBR scheme implemented by NOISEtte software.
